What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Initially a directory is not a Git repository which means Git is not
    tracking it. To be able to do it we have to run git init command to
    initialize a Git repository. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Working directory is where your project is placed in your computer's file
	directory whereas repository is where all the commits (snapshots) of our 
	project i.e files are. Whereas staging area is where you place your files 
	to make a commit. For example if you want to add a commit of few selected 
	files it you ability to do that.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

   You can add the particular files which features the logic in staging area
   and can be commited accordingly

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches are really helpful when you need to add another feature which may 
	take a long time or have to experiment wih few features or want to have
	another version of the project while also having the stable version of
	your project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	With the help of diagrams one can see the reflections of a particular branch
	commits and how and from which path a commit can be reached and branches can
	be merged.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    With the help of merging you can both the codes and features implemented
    in individual branches together. As both branches create a new commit with
    tip branch to be the first one thats why we draw it so.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	When Git is sure the code added is not previously code modified and have to
	be in the new merging it does auto merging whereas there is any conflict
	or when Git is not sure which has to be in the final version munal merging 
	is done which makes more sense in this scenario.
